[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are here with Randy Cramer,
a covert military space program
operative who is sharing
his experiences with us.
Randy, welcome to the show.
>> RANDY CRAMER: Thank
you, very glad to be here.
>> EMERY: Now we all know about
ETs that have the five-star
program of the head,
two arms, and two legs.
Have you ever experienced ETs
don't have two arms and two
legs and a head?
>> CRAMER: Oh yeah, absolutely.
I mean, insectoid species for
starters have more appendages,
they have more arms.
I have encountered
a cephalopod which
is essentially like an octopus
in a diplomatic conversation.
So we're basically sitting
at a table on the other side
of a tank filled with water
and they were floating around
in the tank communicating
psionically.
>> EMERY: What was taking place?
Why were you having
that meeting?
Were there other
species there as well?
>> CRAMER: Our ambassadorial
team was there and just--
was just a negotiation
with the cephalopods.
It was some negotiation
for resources,
for an exchange of resources.
If I'm recalling correctly,
they needed some form of mineral
that was rare to
them that we could
get them more inexpensively,
and they were essentially
offering ocean protein at
a very inexpensive cost.
So it was a seafood
exchange for minerals that--
>> EMERY: Like plankton
or seaweed or--
>> CRAMER: I think fish
to be honest with you.
I think mostly it was
like yeah, sea proteins.
Fish of some kind, some
kind of edible fish food.
>> EMERY: Tell me
about the insectoids.
Now I know there's
many species, but which
ones have you been exposed to?
>> CRAMER: Primarily the
indigenous insectoids on Mars,
which I realize some people
refer to them as a mantid
species, which I don't
necessarily want to disagree
with, because potato, potato.
So I don't think
that that's wrong,
but to me, they really look
more or less like a giant ant.
So you can call them
a mantid species,
I have no problem with
that, but I think sometimes
the confusion is that
a mantid species is
like a praying
mantis, and that's
not my experience of them at
all, that they're basically
like a giant ant.
Maybe since I've heard
this terminology thrown
around interchangeably
and I'm not so sure
that they're
interchangeable I guess
is what I'm trying to say.
>> EMERY: Are they in
other places besides Mars?
>> CRAMER: I think there are
a number of insectoid species.
We certainly have an indigenous
insectoid species here
on planet Earth
that's subterranean.
Indigenous insectoid
species on Mars.
And there are other
insect or species
that I'm aware of that are
different than that as well.
>> EMERY: Could you give me
some examples to the audience
of some different types
of insectoids besides like
the ants and the mantis people?
>> CRAMER: Sure.
There's another species
that we encountered
who their physiological stance
and their physiological posture
was very, very different.
So these insectoids that
we dealt with on Mars,
you basically just think of
an ant that's standing up.
So it's basically on two legs.
The middle appendages can
be used to steady themselves
or as other feet
if they need to,
or they can be used as
an extra set of hands,
so they're kind of
an appendage that
can be sort of an either/or,
but they tend to upright walk.
There is another
insectoid species
that we encountered that was
much taller, first of all.
The indigenous insectoids
from Mars were, emm,
five-and-a-half feet tall?
About-- the drones were about
five-and-a-half feet tall.
The leader of the hive was not
a queen, it's not a female,
it's a male, so it's
referred to as a king,
and they're much larger, eight
times the size, probably.
We've experienced another
insectoid species who basically
was on four appendages with
a torso that kind of came up
from a body that was parallel
to the ground with two very
large appendages, which sort
of appeared like grippers like
that but then these
appendages could unfold,
and there was like seven
or eight little phalanges
that they could manipulate
objects with or kind of bring
them together like three
appendages-- it was very
peculiar, but
they're much larger.
They probably stand, oh,
easily eight to 10 feet tall
from the ground.
>> EMERY: I would like to talk
about the dexterity especially
of the insectoids.
You probably have
experience with this.
>> CRAMER: They are incredibly
agile with their phalanges.
Their ability to pick up,
manipulate objects, maneuver,
make things, operate
things is incredible.
I mean, if you think about
our ability like work
on a typewriter with 10
fingers, what would you
do if you only had six fingers?
Well you'd have a limited
sort of array of what
you could do on the keyboard.
But what if you had
eight fingers per hand?
Well then you could
type way faster
and way quicker than you
could with 10 fingers.
So yeah, they're
incredibly dexterous
and have an incredible ability
to manipulate physical objects
with those phalanges.
>> EMERY: Tell me about the
speed of these insectoids.
We know they have
great dexterity,
but they also are very strong.
>> CRAMER: Incredibly
strong, and really fast.
Like the first time that I
had seen one of these larger
insectoids kind of--
I don't want to say scurry,
but kind of run at speed,
it was incredible.
I mean, they were
easily achieving
speeds of 25 to 30 miles
an hour just on foot,
it was incredibly fast.
>> EMERY: Do they use any
other devices to get around?
>> CRAMER: Not that
I had encountered,
but we didn't encounter
these species in combat,
so I imagine their combat
dress was a bit different.
>> EMERY: How did you
communicate with these
insectoids and other species?
>> CRAMER: Well, the insectoids,
interestingly enough,
the first time that
we encountered them,
I basically just spoke to it in
English hoping that somehow I
would understand or-- and I
kind of made some hand gestures,
but it surprised me when it
spoke back telepathically mind
to mind--
I wasn't aware that
they had that ability
until we walked up to
them and tried to have
a conversation with them.
>> EMERY: What was the
conversation about?
>> CRAMER: It was
basically hi, how are you?
I introduced myself
and just wanted
to see if we could establish
a line of conversation.
We were on a patrol, a
small-- a squad on patrol,
and we came close to the hive
and they were outside the front
of their hive doing something
out in front there with some--
bringing some boxes
out and sort of
laying them out and
objects out in the--
it turns out from what
I understand later on,
they were using natural UV
to sterilize equipment out
in the sun.
So there were a bunch of them,
and we came fairly close,
but at a safe distance, and
there was no hostile reaction
and I gathered because there
was a small group of us
that they didn't
perceive as a threat.
And I sat there and
thought about it
and I was like, what would
happen if just one of us
walked up and
introduced ourselves?
What would happen?
And I remember
proposing to the squad,
I was like, what if I just go
down there and like say hi?
And my first wife,
who I also served
with-- we were in the same squad
in the MDF, she said, oh yeah,
I want to see
that, I want to see
you come running
back with one arm
in your other arm screaming.
She was a sweetheart like that.
And so she basically was
like, I double-dog-dare you.
And so I went down and said
hello and it went well enough,
and I essentially
asked the insectoid
that I was speaking to if
I could bring friends back,
if that would be OK, and he
was like, yeah, that's fine.
And so we went back
and I reported to my CO
that we had made contact
and he was like, what?
You did what?
I was like, well, I just walked
up and thought I'd say hi,
and he was like, you did what?
But it's like, well it
went well and I asked them
if we could come back
and they said yeah.
And he said, so maybe you should
talk to the Ambassadorial Corps
and see if they want to go have
a chat with the insectoids,
and a week later, we were
going back for a visit
and made friends at
that point, so yeah.
>> EMERY: Any other
different-looking species that
you can relate to that look
like species here on Earth like
our animals and fish?
>> CRAMER: Yeah.
I mean, again, there were
a few aquatic species that
existed in a fluid environment.
So there was cephalopods,
there was a species
that I would have to say seemed
maybe almost shark-like if you
can think of what an intelligent
shark might look like with two
tentacles for arms.
[LAUGHS] So like a
shark body with two
tentacles-- it very peculiar.
But again, big mouth,
big teeth like a shark,
so I imagine that they--
>> EMERY: Were they vegetarian?
>> CRAMER: No, they
were carnivores,
they were meat-eaters.
But not like they were
looking at us like food,
but they definitely
were meat-eaters.
>> EMERY: So you didn't
feel threatened by them?
>> CRAMER: No, not at all.
I mean, we were certainly
separated by a barrier,
they were in a fluid-- basically
a box of a fluid environment
and we were on the other side.
So it felt safe enough.
It was a little--
it was one of the creepier
I guess instances,
but yeah, we felt
safe enough because we
were on the other side--
and in a safe space
where people didn't
scuffle with each other.
Didn't have to
worry about getting
eaten in the intergalactic
space station.
>> EMERY: I have also heard you
speak of these worms on Mars.
Is it on Mars, these worms?
>> CRAMER: The centipedes?
>> EMERY: Yes.
>> CRAMER: Oh God.
>> EMERY: Let's talk about the
centipedes and what did they
actually look like.
Did they look like
Earth centipedes?
>> CRAMER: So the centipedes
were a genetically-engineered
being that the insectoids
made and used in combat.
So imagine a centipede that's--
its width is about a meter,
that its length is probably
almost 20 feet long,
mandibles this wide.
They rear up like that and
then strike down on top of you.
And interestingly enough, the
color of their segmentation
of their exoskeleton was
actually almost fuchsia,
like almost-- like a pinkish
purple color, which I thought--
>> EMERY: Beautiful.
>> CRAMER: They're actually kind
of gorgeous except terrifying.
I had certainly encountered
them enough times in the field
that they were
absolutely terrifying--
>> EMERY: Do they use any type
of psionic activity to control
you or anything?
>> CRAMER: No, the centipedes
I would say were not highly
intelligent.
They were not like less
intelligent than a dog,
but they were certainly
not as intelligent
as you or I would be either.
>> EMERY: But they
acted on their own--
>> CRAMER: They acted on
orders from the drones,
from the insectoid drones, but
they also seemed to know what
their sort of guard duties were.
So they weren't
necessarily I think
given specific instructions
all the time, but again,
maybe like a dog, it could--
so attack, heel, return
or whatever.
So there were some
basic commands
that I think that
they responded to.
>> EMERY: It sounds like
a programming of a being
for a search and
destroy-type mission.
>> CRAMER: Yeah.
They were genetically
engineered for the purpose
that they were built for.
So they were not
a natural species
that had been domesticated
by the insectoids,
they were genetically
engineered from the ground up
as a foot soldier--
as a foot soldier in the field.
>> EMERY: Are there others
out there species that have
engineered being
strictly for combat use?
>> CRAMER: Yeah, oh definitely.
So the Draconians
do the same thing.
They genetically
engineered their ground
forces, again, basically
from the ground
up for specific duties,
specific purposes,
specific tactical protocols.
The insectoids definitely
did that, yeah, for sure.
>> EMERY: Were you ever exposed
to like any birds or avians,
any type of extraterrestrials
that look like birds?
>> CRAMER: We encountered a
species in the intergalactic
space station that I would say
was derived evolutionary from
an avian species.
Where you and I have
hair on their head,
they had sort of a slicked-back
feather that was basically
black--
like black feathers.
Their skin tone was like
an ash-gray kind of color.
Their appendages were like claws
that were less threatening.
So the claws were actually
filed down quite a bit
so that they could manipulate
things with their fingers
and so forth, and--
>> EMERY: They had four-- they
have five-- oh, four fingers?
>> CRAMER: Like a thumb
and three fingers,
so they had like four digits.
>> EMERY: Of course,
did have feathers?
>> CRAMER: The feathers that
they seem to have left over
on their bodies were sort
of like a blackish feather,
and they were about
six-and-a-half feet tall maybe?
>> EMERY: What about
their eyes and eye color?
>> CRAMER: They
had like a dark--
in the right light, it
appeared sort of black,
but if there was just
the right reflection
from another light
source, you could
see that there was a pupil
and an iris underneath what
seemed to be a dark maybe
photosensitive covering
or film that was over the eye.
So most of the time
you were just looked
like you were looking at
a black eye, but if you--
the light caught
it just right, you
could see that there was an
iris and a pupil underneath.
>> EMERY: Was the pupil round?
>> CRAMER: It looked round
from what I could see,
but because you're looking
at it through, again,
this sort of
photosensitive film,
it seemed round to me anyway
from what I could see.
>> EMERY: And what
about the mouth?
Was there a beak,
was there teeth?
Was there like a mandible?
>> CRAMER: Yeah, I'd say that
the jaw and the beak may be
extended no more than two to
three inches from the face.
Was a kind of a
whitish-yellowish color.
>> EMERY: And where
did they live?
>> CRAMER: I'm not sure exactly
where that they were from.
That wasn't part of
the conversation.
>> EMERY: OK.
Did these avians have wings
or two arms, two legs?
How do they maneuver around?
>> CRAMER: They
were on two legs.
And the arms, interestingly
enough, seemed to be a--
this is a kind of
weird, because I
know they were an avian
species, but their arms almost
looked at like a bat arm.
So there was a hand at
the end of a wing that
seemed tucked in.
So I never saw one like
unfurl, and I'd seriously
doubt that they had flight
capabilities at that point,
but it was more like
a vestigial wing that
had evolved into a hand
with, again, with digits
and phalanges on the end.
It was a little peculiar.
If I was to take a
stab in the dark,
I would say that that wasn't a
natural evolution, that somehow
they got to that stage with a
genetic tinkering or evolution
from some other species.
>> EMERY: How did
they communicate?
>> CRAMER: In that
particular instance,
they communicated
through a translator.
So there was a biological person
who acted as this translator.
So they would speak, the
translator would translate,
we would speak,
and the translator
would translate back to them.
>> EMERY: What did it
sound like, their voices?
>> CRAMER: Like a low
whistle and a low click.
So if we think of listening
to a bird outside and the way
that it chirps, think of that
as like an avian shouting.
And that if that avian
or bird was actually
speaking in a
conversational tone,
it would be a much more subdued
low clicks, low whistles
kind of a communication.
So when you think of a bird on
a tree limb, it's not talking,
it's yelling, it's
screaming with its voice.
>> EMERY: What's the
relationship between
the non-human ETs
and the human ETs?
>> CRAMER: It depends,
like anything else.
So again, 95% of
the species that we
run into across the
board would rather trade.
So in any individual
situation like that,
it has more to do with what
their biological and/or
social civilization needs are
and what their resources are,
what our biological
civilization social needs are
and what our resources are,
and whether we have something
to exchange.
And exchange is
essentially based on,
do we have something
that's less expensive cost
to trade with them that
would otherwise cost them
more to get somewhere else
or to make or manufacture,
mine themselves?
That they have
something that's going
to cost less than it
would cost us to make,
mine, get ourselves or
manufacture ourselves
or get from someone else?
That's the basis of
a trade relationship.
Do you have something
worth trading
that's cost-effective to trade?
And if there's any relationship
available like that,
then we're going to have a
conversation about it for sure.
So I have certainly
seen non-human species
and human species communicate
and interact with one another.
I don't know that I've seen too
much of them working together
just based on my personal
experiences and where I was at.
>> EMERY: Through your
experience of all these
different species, what is their
intelligence and what are they
good at?
Like are these people from
Arcturus good at this?
Are the Sirians good at that?
>> CRAMER: It's certainly--
I would say that they have a
wide range of intelligence.
So you can have species who
are as intelligent as us,
maybe a little more,
maybe a lot more.
And certainly the emotional
content or emotional range,
it also can vary quite a bit.
So not all species have
complex deep emotions.
In fact, that seems to be
more rare than it is common.
So you can run into species
that are very intellectually
strong at what they do.
They're good builders,
they're good manufacturers,
but maybe not creative,
maybe not very
good at artistic thinking
or artistic development.
Maybe they have no
music, maybe they
have no art as we think of it.
>> EMERY: I used to in the
projects hear that Arcturans
were really good at
engineering and combat,
and I heard this species is
really good with artistic
capabilities.
Was there anything
in the projects
that you heard or
in your missions
that people are like, oh,
they're really good at making
space vehicles, we'll say.
>> CRAMER: Right, right, sure.
Yeah, I mean, certainly the
insectoids, probably some
of the most
brilliant geneticists
that we've ever encountered.
Their understanding
of genetic engineering
and how to figure out how to run
a sequence of genes is beyond--
because most of them can
just do it in their head,
they don't need a computer
or a machine to do it,
they can just do all these
calculations upstairs,
and that's incredible
to me for sure.
So their ability to
do biological genetic
calculations,
unparalleled pretty much.
I mean, way beyond--
I mean the Draconians
are good at manipulating,
but they are nowhere near the
ability of creative potential
that the insectoids are.
The insectoids have the ability
to imagine what they need
and then do the calculations
on what you would need
to genetically engineer
that thing you need
and then genetically
engineer that thing.
>> EMERY: Yes, they seem
to be the most analytical
and the most intelligent species
that we've studied so far.
>> CRAMER: Absolutely.
They work 22 hours a day.
They sleep and eat less
than a couple hours a day.
They're busy, busy all the time.
>> EMERY: How long do
they live, do you know?
>> CRAMER: I'm not sure
to be honest with you.
It was never something
that came up,
but I got the impression
that an individual lifespan
is centuries, not decades.
>> EMERY: What are
the avians known for?
>> CRAMER: Interestingly enough,
the conversation that we had
about them, they seem to
have a real strong sense
of a biological repair.
So their medical technology
was quite advanced.
They had the ability to
treat biological species way
outside their own parameters.
So their ability to treat an
injured being of any variety
was pretty extensive
and pretty expansive.
Their ability to analyze and
scan another biological being
and figure out
what you would need
to do to treat it for
an injury or an illness
or repair cellular damage,
it's fairly unparalleled.
>> EMERY: How is their
mating and gestation?
Is it like here on
Earth where these--
our avians here, of
course, lay eggs.
What about these
humanoid avians?
>> CRAMER: In the conversations
that we had with them, yeah,
they're egg-layers.
So they pretty much produce,
reproduce in a very similar way
that our avians animal
species do here.
>> EMERY: How about
the cephalopods?
What was their specialty and
what were they're known for
and where they come from?
>> CRAMER: Well, certainly
were mathematical geniuses.
Again, their ability to
make complex mathematical
computations with just
brain power is unparalleled.
I mean, they're
calculator computers
when it comes to
that, that's for sure.
So any time you might have
something mathematically
complex that you need
to solve, our people,
even with our
computers and so forth,
it might take them a
certain amount of time.
A cephalopod, you
could probably pose
them the same problem
or the same question,
and within a minute
or two they're
going have an answer
or a set of variables
or a parameter of brackets
to give you as a solution.
>> EMERY: How do these
non humanoids like look
at Earthlings, at
humans, just us here?
>> CRAMER: [LAUGHS] One
of the most interesting--
>> EMERY: Without insulting us.
>> CRAMER: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, one of the most
interesting things
I found out about
the insectoids is
because they have exoskeletons
with their meaty muscle
mass on the inside,
they see us as having
our insides on the outside, so
it kind of grosses them out.
[LAUGHS] So when we're actually
wearing our body armor,
that to them was
like our exoskeleton,
and that actually was
much more comfortable,
and when we were not
wearing that, they're-- ugh,
they were like looking at--
yeah.
There was-- not offensively
grossed out by it,
but it was clearly not
attractive to them.
[LAUGHS]
>> EMERY: I think that's
a good point to bring up,
because a lot of people
think that meetings with
extraterrestrials
are really serious.
And they are kind of
like us with person--
they have personalities
and they're comical, and--
>> CRAMER: Sometimes.
>> EMERY: --sometimes you'll
see something that is really
disgusting, but it's a person,
and you really have to accept
that person for the way they
look, the way they smell,
and all that in order for you
to move amongst the stars.
>> CRAMER: Yeah.
And we're definitely stinky
mammals, too, for sure.
Like we are-- in a lineup of
a hundred species at random,
we're one of the stinker
ones for sure, yeah.
>> EMERY: When I say the
word multidimensional,
multidimensional beings,
what comes to mind?
>> CRAMER: Well, without
trying to take too much time
to explain what we understand
to be the difference
of dimensional harmonics,
dimensional harmonics are
vibrations of matter and
energy and space at completely
different spatial frequencies.
So it's possible
for a being to exist
in a dimensional frequency that
is outside of our own while
occupying similar space.
So there could be, for instance,
a multidimensional being
standing right there that
you and I would never
see with the naked eye-- with
our visible light spectrum,
maybe never noticed was
there because they're
in a different
dimensional frequency.
Now there's two different
ways to look at that, too.
It's possible that that being
existing where it exists
doesn't perceive us
it all, doesn't even--
isn't even aware that we're
here and is existing in a space
in which this room is
completely different,
the objects are
the space is
completely different,
and there's not even any
interaction whatsoever,
whereas if they come closer to
our outerdimensional frequency
is where there's going
to be some crossover,
and all of a sudden they may
experiencing this room with
these objects with
you and I in it,
but still maintain
that out-of-phase--
>> EMERY: Just fluxing right out
of that frequency just a little
bit.
>> CRAMER: Just outside of our
frequency that continue to be
out of phase or invisible.
>> EMERY: Have you ever noticed
one bleed in and bleed out?
>> CRAMER: Oh absolutely.
Yeah, I've absolutely
experienced that before, sure.
>> EMERY: Can you explain that?
>> CRAMER: I remember one time
when I was deployed on a ship
that was basically a special
forces ship that had 18
different special forces units
on it that was a transportation
and deployment vessel
for special forces units,
and we had entered into an area
of space in which we were given
a heads-up that one of the
planets had a species that was
in a different dimensional
frequency but highly curious.
And so we were
informed that there
was a very good chance that
while we were in that space,
we could see these beings just
coming in and out of the ship
curiously, checking this
out and looking at us
and not to freak out,
not to get scared.
And so we're used to--
we used to say, oh, I
saw another ghost today,
even though they weren't ghosts,
they just sort of seemed just
to sort of come in and out.
Sometimes you'd just see it
out of the corner of your eye,
you'd look, and
then sometimes they
would recognize that all
of a sudden you see them
and they would go,
oh, oh, they see me,
and then they blink
right back out again.
But usually it was-- it seemed
more like just a curiosity
than anything else.
They weren't being
invasive or harmful,
they were just very
curious, and so
was easy enough for them to
come in and out of that space
to observe what we were
doing without any sort
of physical threat
to themselves or even
putting a physical
threat onto us either.
So it was a weird experience,
because the entire time
we were there, there were
just these beings that
would just kind of
blink in and out
or walk through walls
and things like that.
It was just a little weird,
but we kind of got used to it,
it was all right.
>> EMERY: What about the
interdimensional beings?
Is it possible all
through your experience
that they can host many
different bodies at one
time in different dimensions?
>> CRAMER: There are some
species who seem to have
achieved that ability to--
what's the word I
want to use there?
To be multiconscious.
And so to--
>> EMERY: Multidimensional.
>> CRAMER: Yeah.
I mean, to really to
have multiple bodies that
are connected to a
singular consciousness
across different material
planes or different energetic
dimensional planes.
Just-- even still
today, a little
complicated for my
brain to wrap around it,
but I mean, we've had
discussions with those beings
and they've attempted
to explain to us what
it is to exist in that way, to
be in several places at once
and in multiple bodies
at the same time
while sharing a conscious
understanding of all of those
places at the same time,
and encourage us to think
that that's an evolutionary
step that we can achieve
with, again, focus
and discipline.
But it seemed like a good
distance away evolutionarily
speaking from where
we are right now.
So while I could
comprehend being told,
oh, you can learn how to do
this, too, eventually and exist
like this eventually,
it seemed to me
like when you say eventually,
I think that means
a very, very, very long time.
I don't think that means
in 100 years or 200 years
or maybe even 1,000 years, that
might be a long time from now
before we could actually
master that evolutionary step.
>> EMERY: So are you saying
we are multidimensional,
it's just we're not at
that level yet to do that,
we haven't activated
that part of us yet?
>> CRAMER: From what we
have come to understand,
just about every biological
energetic soul spiritual being
exists across
dimensional frequencies.
So where your awareness is a
lot to do with the frequency
that you're vibrating
at, the specific
frequency that you exist.
And according to the theory
as it's been explained to me,
your ability to
change that frequency
is what changes where you are,
what dimensional vibration
you exist in at that moment.
So we're frequency-specific
to this dimensional frequency.
If we ever become
frequency-specific
to another
dimensional frequency,
then we'll find ourselves there.
They were explaining to us a
little bit of how this works,
and so they were
attempting to explain
to us that when you experience
a vibrational shift that you can
hear this winding, high-pitched
sound of the crossing over
of these dimensional
frequencies is when we're
on the threshold of being
able to bi-locate into two
places at once and then choose
which one we want to be at,
and then just be in that place.
So maybe we're here, and then
we bi-locate to here and here,
and then decide to just be here.
That's the best theory that
I think that I can explain.
I don't know that I understand
it well enough to explain it
better than that.
>> EMERY: Fascinating, Randy.
Thanks for coming
on the show today.
>> CRAMER: Oh, thanks so
much for having me here.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]